---
layout:     post
title:      Brainfood I
tags:       [thought, english]
published:  false
---

There are many quotes and sayings. Some inspirational, other motivating, many annoying, many more never spoken by the person attributed to. But regardless of origin, there are always some sayings who influence ones thoughts or create new ones, sometimes even destroying whole ideas.

The following three quotes are following me since a few months, so I am now sharing them with you.

The first one is attributed to writer William Gibson:

> The future is already here — it's just not very evenly distributed.

The second one is apparently unattributed:

> If it's inaccessible to the poor, it's neither radical nor revolutionary.

Both quotes circle around many of my thoughts concerning technology and society, but also other topics. While both quotes are not very surprising, to some extend even obvious, they challenge an image of the world often created by those living in the mentioned *future*.

It is always easy to hide inside a techno-progressive bubble, often full of privileged people of all sorts. Ignoring the world outside, or looking at it though an Instagram filter. Ignoring the consequences of ones actions. Even ignoring the struggles and issues "inside".

What is the meaning of changing the world for some, while at the same time ignoring others, or even contributing to the divide?


The third quite is the most controversial of the three. (Falsely?) attributed to Mahatma Gandhi:

> Be the change that you wish to see in the world.

Controversial first of all because it ignores privilege and inequality. On the other hand, it highlights potential and, most important, responsibility.
Nevertheless, it provides a good starting point.
